Willamette students have an opportunity, and an obligatin, to take an active role in the push for more inclusive game design, especially regarding black 
hair in videogames. Blessing Adeoye Jr. outlines the common problem with black hair in game development in his youtube video "We Need To Fix Black Hair
In Video Games - The Blessing Show". The episode is split into 13 different topics relating to programmed black hair where Blessing speaks on why it is 
culturaly important, as well as what we at home can do about it; Educate ourselves, promote good examples we see, and call out the poor examples, putting 
constructive pressure on game developers to pay more attention to these topics. I would argue that we can do more, especially since we are fortunate 
enough to be in a position where our numbers are greater in a college community, and information can be passed through more direct means.

What seems to be the biggest probem that Blessing points to is the basic lack of education. He stresses multiple times that these instances of bad black 
representation is not out of maliciousness, but rather ignorance. Ultimately the best way to address the problem is to hire more people that have 
experience in blavk cutlure and open up your hiring diversity to include people who have more than a basic understanding of how things like hair mechanics
work. And for those development teams in japan and korea where the black population is considerably lower, intention for education on those matters must be
made. The Willamette student body has higher than average diversity in the state of oregon, which means that we are in a perfect opportunity where we can 
provide rescouces to game developers in Oregon such as Bend and Juego Studios.


Students can help by getting in contact with web developers and offering assistance or get help drafting formal letters. Being heard by game developers is
not an easy task, as outlined by Jennifer Scheurle in her article "How to be heard by game developers". In the article, one section is dedicated on how to
address game developers in a way that you are heard and not ignored or overlooked. Willamette is fortunate enough to offer its students an excelent peer 
review process in the writing center that may help emails and criticisms be taken seriously. But through Scheurle's article its also important to note that
it doesnt matter how polished your statment is if you dont send the communication through the right channels so the developers get them.



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pepkcF9UXng
https://www.polygon.com/2020/2/7/21122308/gaming-feedback-complaints-positive-compliments-balance-bugs-how-to-be-heard
